chore(doc): improve documentation for Hybrid applications (#120)
nhosoya/omniauth-apple: README.md

  provider :apple, ENV['APPLE_CLIENT_ID'], '', {
    key_id: ENV['APPLE_KEY_ID'],
    pem: ENV['APPLE_PRIVATE_KEY'],
    scope: 'email name',
    team_id: ENV['APPLE_TEAM_ID']
  }
end
```

You can find more confiduration options in the <a href="#configuration">Configuration</a> section.

NOTE: Any change made to the middleware's configuration will required you to reset your server before taking action.

### Use with Devise
When using `omniauth-apple` with Devise you must omit the `config/initializers/omniauth.rb` file.
Instead you can add the middleware's configuration in `config/initializers/devise.rb`
```ruby
# config/initializers/devise.rb
config.omniauth :apple, 'APPLE_CLIENT_ID', '', {
  key_id: ENV['APPLE_KEY_ID'],
  pem: ENV['APPLE_PRIVATE_KEY'],
  scope: 'email name',
  team_id: ENV['APPLE_TEAM_ID']
}
```

Make sure to your Omniauthable model includes the new provider. Generally that model is your `User` model.

You should also create a class method to register and find users from a omniauth provider's callback in your model.
```ruby
# app/models.user.rb
def User < ApplicationRecord
  devise :omniauthable, omniauth_providers: %i[apple]

>   class << self
>     def from_omniauth(access_token)
>       user = find_or_initialize_by(email: access_token.info['email'])
>       user.update!(name: access_token.info['name'], password: Devise.friendly_token[0, 20]) unless user.persisted?
>       user
>     end
>   end

Reviewer: This is slightly more Rails style:

```suggestion
  def self.from_omniauth(access_token)
    user = find_or_create_by(email: access_token.info['email']) do |new_user|
      new_user.name = access_token.info['name']
      new_user.password = Devise.friendly_token 20
    end
    user
  end
```

but I don't think that's exactly right either, because `info` is only returned on first sign in.

Author: > This is slightly more Rails style

I've seen both equally, I don't think there's a convention about which to use (at least not in https://github.com/rubocop/rails-style-guide) and I prefer `class << self` because it allows creating private class methods

> I don't think that's exactly right either, because info is only returned on first sign in.

I tried logging in multiple times in a row with the same apple account and I can confirm the `request.env['omniauth.auth'][:info]` is present each time so I'm confident it is right as is

    // In popup mode this won't do anything but still needs to be present. You can use the current page's URL
    redirectURI: '<YOUR_REDIRECT_URI>',

    scope: 'email name',

    // Use this if your `redirectURI` handle multiple different omniauth providers. When redirecting to that page the
    // `state` will be included in the query params and will help you identity which provider is redirecting to your
    // application.
    state: 'apple',

    usePopup: true
  })

  try {
    const { authorization: { code, id_token, state } } = await AppleID.auth.signIn()

    // The same `redirect_uri` needs to be sent to your API you will end up with a redirect_uri_mismatch error.
    const params = new URLSearchParams({ code, id_token, redirect_uri: '<YOUR_REDIRECT_URI>' })

    // `omniauth-apple` does not support sending data in the request's body so your params need to be appended to the URL.
    const apiURL = `https://your.api.domain/users/auth/apple/callback?${params.toString()}`

    const user = await fetch(url, {
      headers: { 'Content-type': 'application/json' },
      method: 'POST'
    })
  } catch (error) {
    // handle error: { error: string }
  }
}
```

> #### IOS Example

Reviewer: Note that "IOS" is a Cisco network operating system, you want "iOS".  It also works with watchOS, visionOS, and iPadOS, so maybe "Apple on-device example" may be more appropriate.  But definitely replace all occurrences of "IOS" with "iOS".
